I built an AI agent [music] that finds
breaking news, drafts LinkedIn posts,
and delivers them to our inbox every
morning before me and my team even open
our laptops. And these aren't throwaway
drafts. This system has produced posts
that hit over 200,000
impressions for a single client. [music]
I'm going to show you three ways to
build this. One works inside a tool you
probably already have. The other scrapes
X [music] accounts live and services
breaking stories the moment they happen.
And the other one, it's a full AI agent
that runs 24/7 like a content employee
who never sleeps. I'm putting my bets
that this is where AI in content is
heading. So, stay until the end because
that last one is going to change how you
think about AI entirely. And I'm giving
you every prompt, every config file, and
every workflow template so you can copy
the entire thing. It's all linked in the
description.
Now, quick context. If you haven't seen
my breakdown on LinkedIn growth formats,
there's a specific type of post we call
newsjacking. You take something that
just happened in your industry and you
add your own perspective [music]
to it before anyone else does. Not
summarizing the news, contextualizing
it.
>> [music]
>> Telling your audience what it actually
means for them. It works because you are
attaching your expertise to something
that already has an audience. The news
story does the heavy lifting of getting
people to stop scrolling, and your job
is to tell them what it actually means.
And when that story directly impacts
your audience's industry, their jobs,
their strategy, they're not casually
scrolling past it. They need someone to
break it down,
>> [music]
>> and that's you. All of that attention
lands on your profile. And when you are
early, the distribution compounds. One
of our clients covered the revelation
that ChatGPT pulls directly from Google
search and what that means for SEO
strategy. 293 comments, 234 reposts,
208,000
impressions. And that's not a one-off.
In the last months, we've been blowing
up clients' accounts with this same
strategy over and over. The problem,
finding the right story at the right
time and having the angle ready to go.
And that's the bottleneck, and that's
exactly what we automated. Three ways to
build this. They scale in what they can
do for you. Level one,
Claude Co-work. If you already use
Claude, you can set this up today. You
give it a prompt, it researches the
latest news in your space, and it comes
back with newsjacking drafts ready to
edit. Level two, N8N. This is for the
people who want the real-time edge. It
scrapes X accounts, pulls live news, and
delivers everything to your inbox on a
schedule. More tools involved, more
setup, but you will be the first person
on LinkedIn with the take. And level
three, Open Claw. This is an AI agent,
not a workflow, an agent. It runs on a
server around the clock. I think we are
at the same moment with AI agents that
we were with ChatGPT 2 years ago. People
are cautious, there are real security
questions to work through, but this is
going mainstream. And when it does, it's
like having an employee that never stops
working. So, now we are ready to start
building. Pause for a second before I
walk you through all three methods,
remember to grab the newsjacking toolkit
from the link in the description. That
way, you have the prompts and config
files open right next to this video, and
when I show you each method, you just
paste what's in the doc and follow
along. It's going to take you 10 seconds
and it'll make the rest of this video 10
times more useful. Okay, let's go.
Enough chitchat.
Let's start with the simplest version.
If you've never built anything with AI
beyond chatting with it, this is your
entry point. Claude Co-work is a desktop
tool from Anthropic that lets you give
Claude a task and it just goes and does
it. On your computer, in real time, you
watch it work. It's kind of unreal. And
what we're using it for is a newsjacking
research assistant that scans the latest
news in your niche and drafts LinkedIn
posts based on what it finds. Okay, so
now we are actually going to set it up
together.
So, you go into your Claude, you press
Co-work cuz that's where we're going to
chat with it so we can build it live
with us. This is the cool thing about
it. We don't really have to know what
we're doing because it will help us do
it all. So, we're going to press work in
a folder, choose a different folder,
just choose a specific folder where you
want our newsjacking report to be
sent to every day. I'm going to name it
Claude Co-work. Awesome.
Always allow. Okay, now let's actually
prompt it. So, I want to create a new
skill which will research
and find the latest news for LinkedIn
post ideas. So, now it's actually
running a skill.
And let's It's going to ask me a few
questions here. I want to research the
latest news on AI LLMs,
tech industry VC backing of startups.
I want to look at the latest news from
the last 24 hours as well as look at
tweets from a set of X accounts. And
because we have a client that has a
200-person software agency and an
investment firm, our best bet for the
newsjacking post for him, and that's why
we're creating this one in specific, is
to be very focused on AI and everything
that has to do around investment. So,
what I've done before this is I've
created a list of X accounts that I
trust, that are always posting
interesting latest AI news that will
help us be able to be the first on
LinkedIn because as I said before,
LinkedIn is always late, so X is the
best place to find this. Okay, so I'm
copying these X accounts and I'm pasting
them here. You will likely need to use
Google search to find these, too. I want
you to look for
the news and create newsjacking
type LinkedIn posts.
I would like roughly 10 posts. Give me
the raw news and posts with the URLs to
them, and then give me the actual posts
at the end. I then want you to save the
result to
a PDF in the folder with the current
date, example 2026 0315. I then want you
to set it to run on a schedule in
Co-work to run at 6:00 a.m. in EST.
Okay?
Let's go. Okay, now we press schedule,
and
now we press copy to your skills, allow,
upload and replace, and we look over
here in our scheduled tasks, and there
you have it. You have your LinkedIn
newsjacking
scheduled for 6:00 a.m. Let's actually
look at the preview of how that looks
like. Create a nice-looking PDF showing
us raw news and sources with the actual
links so you can go and verify, go dig
in, and actually find what's your point
of view in the post that you're going to
write. We also have the key tweets from
those tracked accounts that I created
already, that I researched beforehand.
And then we actually get the part three,
which is the interesting part and the
funnest for us, is we're actually
getting LinkedIn posts drafted. So,
there's so many other things you could
do with this specific setup, like for
example, connect it to your Slack.
Instead of getting a PDF, making it send
you a Slack message to your whole team.
Or send it as an email. And in this
case, we have created our first
automation. And for example, you go here
to this link, you can get all the
information and draft up a viral post.
And draft up your first newsjacking
post. So, you notice, the good thing
it's not just regurgitating headlines.
It's about what we talked about. It's
adding a perspective, it's telling the
audience what this means, not just what
happened. The drafts won't be perfect
because they never are with any AI tool.
You'll want to spend 5 to 10 minutes at
least editing, adding your voice,
sharpening the take, but the research,
the part that normally takes an hour of
scanning news sites and X, that's done
in seconds. That's the whole flow with
Co-work. Give it the prompt, let it
research, edit the drafts, and it's all
in the kit linked in the description.
The limitation with Co-work, it runs on
a schedule, but your laptop needs to be
on. If your laptop's off, it'll run the
task the moment you actually turn it on.
For a lot of people, that's more than
enough. Set it up once, and you have
newsjacking drafts waiting for you every
day. But Co-work researches through
Google, which means if a story breaks on
X first, you're waiting for it to get
indexed. That can take a couple of days.
By then, you might not be early anymore.
So, if you want real-time signal from
the places where news actually breaks
first, this is where it gets
interesting.
An 8 N is a workflow automation tool.
Think of it like Zapier, but way more
powerful for AI workflows. What we are
building here does something Co Work
can't. It scrapes X accounts directly
from X. The people in your industry who
break news first, the ones whose tweets
become LinkedIn posts 48 hours later.
And that's where the fastest signal
lives. By the time a story trends on
LinkedIn, it already happened on X days
ago. So, this workflow catches it in
real time. On top of that, it pulls from
Google News and passes everything
through an AI node that evaluates news
jacking potential.
>> [music]
>> Drafts supposed ideas and delivers them
to your inbox or Slack on a schedule.
So, the workflow we have here is going
to be pretty simple for you guys because
all you have to do is copy and paste the
config file that is in the link in the
description, but I'm still going to
explain it so you understand exactly
what's working through in this workflow.
Okay, so we have a first node, which is
a trigger
everyday at 7:00 a.m. Then, we have
three other ones here. One is tracking
the accounts that you have already done
the research and you've listed.
Then, the second one is going to not
only
apart from the ones that we're already
tracking, it's going to go find other
trending tweets.
And then, the third one is going to
actually fetch AI news stories. All that
data gets combined into this one. Claude
analyzes it. The next steps converts it
into HTML so that we get a nice-looking
email report every single day. But, if
you want to send it as a Slack message,
then we have an extra little step here
because you can't use the same format
for both email and a Slack. So, that's
basically it. The good thing is you
don't have to build this yourself. You
just copy and paste and you get an N8N
workflow and it's going to track live
tweets, trending tweets, news stories,
and send it to you in a beautiful email
or in a Slack message. The advantage
over Co Work, real-time data from X, and
it runs without you. Every morning, you
wake up to news jacking drafts sitting
in your inbox. You didn't open a tool,
you didn't paste a prompt. The workflow
handed it overnight. The trade-off is
more of setup, more tools involved. API
keys, you need to configure the X
scraping, you need to set up the
workflow nodes. But again, the full
workflow JSON, I've made sure to get
this perfect to the T for you guys, and
it is in the toolkit. You're not
building from scratch. You import it and
customize a few fields if you want.
These first two methods are powerful,
but they are still tools. You give them
a task, they do it. The next [music] one
is different. It doesn't wait for you to
ask. It thinks, it decides, it acts. And
I genuinely believe this is where all of
this is going for everyone.
Open Claw isn't a workflow builder. It's
an AI agent platform. Meaning, you
define a task and it executes
autonomously on a server. No trigger, no
manual run, it just works. So, think
about when ChatGPT first came out.
People were skeptical, some were scared,
most didn't know what to do with it.
Now, everyone uses it daily. I think AI
agents are at that exact same inflection
point right now. The people who figure
this out early are going to have an
insane advantage. But, there are real
security considerations. You're giving
an AI agent access to data sources and
APIs. That needs to be handled
carefully. But, the capability is real.
And it's like having a content employee
who works around the clock, never misses
a story, and has drafts ready before
your alarm goes off. Now, let me walk
you through how it works. At Distinct
Idea, we always want to be ahead of the
curve. So, we've been experimenting with
Open Claw as we believe this is the
future in AI. And this is what we have
been running right now. Like I showed
you, the agent scrapes the web just like
the N8N method, but the difference is
what happens after the data comes in. It
makes decisions, runs on itself without
having to go through nodes, tabs, and
complicated setups. Like an employee,
you give it a prompt and it executes,
and it can walk you through anything you
want to set up. That's what makes it an
agent. Okay, so let's build this
together. So, we're going to go to
Hostinger and in their website, you're
going to see an easy link called
one-click Open Claw. We're going to
press there. Then, what we're going to
do is we're going to choose a plan.
We're going to choose the most popular
one. Okay, so then you will change from
24 months to 1 month because you don't
have to pay for all of that unless you
know you're actually going to use it.
And now, we press ready to use AI. The
good thing about this is that you get
Open AI, Anthropic, Google, and XAI all
instantly within Open Claw, which is
insane. Next, we press instant web
scraping. The good thing here is that
we're going to be able to power AI
agents with real-time web data. So,
again, we don't have to set this all up.
Just press that button and it's all set
up for you. Okay, perfect. So, now
register.
You put in your card details, make sure
you actually pay it, and we will set it
up once we are inside. Don't change
anything here. Just press deploy. Okay,
now we are in. So, press gateway token.
Now, we're actually going to open Open
Claw, paste here, and log in. Okay, so
now we're inside, but because we want to
be able to chat with it on Telegram,
what we're going to do is we're going to
set it up. So,
press channels. Okay, so start a chat
and look for Bot Father. You press here,
we press start. You're going to type
new bot and you're going to give
your agent an actual name, a username as
well. Now, you're going to copy this
token that Bot Father just gave you, you
put it in this field, and hit save. Now,
we're going to press on this link. We
copy and paste this Telegram user ID and
place it in this field. Also, make sure
save that. And now, our bot should be
ready. So, now it's going to ask you,
because it's online now, who the bot is
to you.
So, you can tell it's your AI agent that
helps you with XYZ and what you want to
be called. In this case, it's going to
ask for more context. In this case,
we're going to write online SaaS, which
helps people write the best content
online. I'm going to get you to start
with researching everything, but we can
worry about that later. So, now let's
actually prompt the bot to help us with
the news jacking. I want you to research
for the 10 latest AI stores from the
last 24 hours that I can use for news
jacking LinkedIn post. I then also want
you to give me 10 LinkedIn post ideas.
Include all the URLs. I want you to do
this automatically everyday at 8:00 a.m.
Eastern Time
so that I can have this when I wake up.
So, AI stories and latest news would be
what we answer here. And let's actually
run it now as an example to see what
results we get. And voila, we just got
10 latest AI stories for LinkedIn news
jacking, 10 LinkedIn post ideas and
hooks. So, we just want to make sure
that it actually uses Oxylabs to Google
search. So, I'm prompting it. Finally,
we have the 10 news jacking ideas with
URLs. You can directly go there,
research more. Same thing we just built
with Claude Co Work, with N8N, but
through Open Claw, your own AI agent
that sits in your Telegram, in your
messages as if it was another employee.
Three methods, same outcome, different
levels of automation and control. If you
want to understand the strategy behind
news jacking and the three other growth
formats that drive it, watch this video
right here. That's the full breakdown of
every format we use to take clients from
zero to hundreds of thousands of
impressions. And if you want us to build
this entire system and run it for your
company, that's what Distinct Idea does.
Links in the description. And one more
thing, we are building a course and
community around everything we teach on
this channel. [music]
Real systems, real workflows, no fluff.
If you want early access, the waiting
list is open. Links in the description
as well. And again, apparently there's a
million links in the description now,
but
friendly reminder that the complete
toolkit to build the three things I did
are also in the description. And
finally, subscribe if you haven't. Every
week, I'm breaking down what's actually
working for B2B brands on LinkedIn right
now. [music] See you in the next one.